Since you're going to be in the military, you have to make sure that you're
on time for things. So if you show up late, then people will look
at you "Hey you know come on time next time." You show up late twice
then you get scolded, come late three times then chances are you
could be sitting in front of a chief having him and other chiefs like
come down on you, and you do it four times then you probably get
written up with the counseling check, which means that like I said
"Hey like I told this guy it's a cause for being fired from the military
so make sure that you don't do it again." So yeah if that's not
your deal you know, you show up whenever you want, then you should
erase that from your vocabulary because the Navy's pretty tight with
their schedules.